What do you mean?
The real daughter of the Lu family turned out to be Luo Yuan
Yeah, but now it's a foregone conclusion
You must seize this thousand-fold blessing
I know I will never let that stinky girl Luo Yuan
Step on my head and humiliate
And I spent a fortune
Create a good opportunity for you to approach the source
Don't get confused this time.
I'm going to find that hypocritical weak scholar
Don't worry.
I figured it out.
As long as you climb Xiao Jichen
It's all my identity revealed
We also have the Xiao family as a backer
It's still a bit old, with the support of Lu Xiaolang's family
The whole country
This is our world
Hen Luoyuan
So what if you are the daughter of the Lu family?
Aren't you going to be trampled under my feet for the rest of your life?
Chen Yu'an
No way.
The money I have on me is the rent I promised to give to the landlord
He must not take it away
Luo Yun, stop